Update Arrays page (#3292)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/collections-overview.md

Collections are a common concept for most programming languages, so if you're familiar with, for example, Java or Python 
collections, you can skip this introduction and proceed to the detailed sections. 

A collection usually contains a number of objects (this number may also be zero) of the same type. However if you need them to,

> collections can contain objects of different types. Objects in a collection are called _elements_ or _items_. For example,

Reviewer: This sentence about objects of different types is making me somewhat uneasy. Is this supposed to be a didactic simplification? I need some background on this, because it feels like it should read something more like "of the same type (and its subtypes)" or similar, but I'm curious if this phrasing aims at a particular goal.

Author: This was due to a knowledge gap at the time of writing. (See earlier comment about `Any` type). I've removed it now.

> all the students in a department form a collection that can be used to calculate their average age.

Reviewer: I'd split this in two:
```suggestion
all the students in a department form a collection. This collection can then be used to calculate their average age, for example.
```

> A collection usually contains a number of objects (this number may also be zero) of the same type. Objects in a collection

Reviewer: Again, if we want to be accurate, change this to state "of the same type (and its subtypes)".

The collection interfaces and related functions are located in the `kotlin.collections` package. Let's get an overview 
of its contents.

> Arrays are not a type of collection. 

> > Arrays have a fixed size and their elements **must** all be of the same type.

Reviewer: See one of my first comments, not sure where this part is coming from

preserves the order of elements insertion when iterating the map.
In turn, an alternative implementation – [`HashMap`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.collections/-hash-map/index.html) – 
says nothing about the elements order.

### ArrayDeque

> [`ArrayDeque<T`>](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.collections/-array-deque/) is an implementation of a double-ended queue, which allows you to add or remove elements both at the beginning or end of the queue.

Reviewer: For purposes of SEO, it might be worth mentioning here that as such, `ArrayDeque` also fills the role of both a Stack and Queue data structure in Kotlin. (keyword here being `Stack` – it's one of the basic data structures we don't have in Kotlin, but that can be conveniently emulated using an ArrayDeque)

It is a type of collection that uses a resizable `Array`. The `Array` is resized only when it is full.

```kotlin
fun main() {
    val deque = ArrayDeque(listOf(1, 2, 3))

    deque.addFirst(0)
    deque.addLast(4)
    println(deque) // [0, 1, 2, 3, 4]

    println(deque.first()) // 0
    println(deque.last()) // 4

    deque.removeFirst()
    deque.removeLast()
    println(deque) // [1, 2, 3]
}
```
{kotlin-runnable="true" kotlin-min-compiler-version="1.4"}

> For more information about arrays, see [Arrays](arrays.md).

Reviewer: This section should not reference the arrays page. Unfortunately, `ArrayDeque` is a "false friend": It's a `Deque` collection, the fact that it is backed by an array is an implementation detail and not relevant to using this collection type. (Similar to an `ArrayList`, it's array-esque nature is, from a usage standpoint, of no concern)
